Oh breaking news guys breaking news
coming from Gamestop in best by now my
first piece of news we want to talk
about his game stop has closed all US
pre-orders for the PlayStation 4
you cannot preorder the PlayStation 4
game stop because they don't have
anymore they've sold out of their
pre-orders that they're allowed to make
big great great news for Sony crazy
dudes for Peter sport now now even more
bigger out of Novas bigger net it's not
really bigger news but it's news
nonetheless Xbox one pre-orders have
sold out at Best Buy
now some people some people out there
are saying that it's a conspiracy and
Microsoft is just saying they saw that
at Best Buy just because they're trying
to not you know just because I mean ps4
thought of a game stop I'd be more they
gotta do something they gotta say
something but I seem to think that it's
legit and they really didn't sell out at
Best Buy but you know who is pre-order
than their consoles at Best Buy
who goes to Best Buy and pre-orders
console you know that spyware I'm gonna
have to go cuz I ain't pre-ordering mine
yet I am gonna do with this mom think
I'm gonna go do it next week you're
probably saying I'll be just fine I'll
have one I'll have one troll on that
bird throw on that anyway number that
stupid fucking boys ps4 sells out at
Game Stop Xbox one sells out at Best Buy
what do y'all think about it I love it I
love it I love it
competition breeds creativity when he's
to Goliath console girl like a Nintendo
ain't doing a fucking thing
Nintendo ain't pushing Nintendo is not
pushing console gaming forward it's just
sitting there
with the same old Mario shit you played
a thousand goddamn times just the same
goddamn games Smash Brothers fucking bad
for driver bad but I'm gonna stop
bragging on its head no cuz I am gonna
buy Wii U yes I'm gonna buy a fucking
Wii U my kids want one
someone want to get him one cuz they
really fuckin love Mario like I told you
Nintendo is for children and what
Santino realizes that they they need to
start marketing their consoles towards
kids okay
period cuz that's who plays it shit I
knows a couple you grow I appointment
you know I love it I love it
I don't got no time for wee-wee I got no
time for that too busy playing last of
us to be playing mommy mommy come here
but I'm gonna buy one for my kids but
let me tell you something man ps4
selling out of game stop that's huge
that's huge do I think do I fucking
think that there will be more consoles
available at Game Stop in the future yes
I do I think they will Sony will roll
out some more and let game stop does
sell some more but you know you can
still go to Best Buy you go to Walmart
you look at me you better pre-order now
I got set a few weeks ago and said
people pre-order earlier supers I was
wrong I was wrong
one of the rare times I was wrong I
didn't see I didn't think this shit was
gonna blow up like this but people are
in people are having a fucking frenzy to
get these consoles they're in a frenzy
they're in a goddamn frenzy folks so you
got it I mean Xbox one you'll probably
be alright you'll probably be alright
cuz i think i buddy care about that shit
it's sold out at Best Buy really really
cares I mean if you ain't selling out
and get get when you sell out a Gamestop
that's big cuz everybody goes to
gamestop advisers shit at least I do
I'm not going to Walmart about a comma
pre-order my I want to pre-order game
topping looks like Miami had to go to
Best Buy Now which I bought two black
ops 2 at Best Buy so it wasn't that bad
it wasn't that bad it was actually
pretty nice man I'm wrong with Best Buy
so um get out there and preorder your
fucking consoles this week this month at
least because I'll tell you what this
shit selling this shit sellers you might
be one of them motherfuckers sitting
there going don't get it didn't get one
all your friends would be like playing
you'll be like
you didn't get the ps4 no I just very
order it I bought a wheeze you you want
to give us a Wii U fuck now we don't
wanna get on with you I had to buy it oh
yeah that's what I had to buy Nina's
will be some disappointed kids at
Christmastime well you are you fucked up
or something but your own bath salts
over there look at you you're freaking
out what fuckers like come on now bird
calm down
anyway there's gonna be some nerd two
comments going
what do you trade so much what do you
curse them but I do it just so I can
hear you in the comments whining and
complaining like a baby just to see your
reaction just to see you in the comment
for kids at Christmastime mommy mommy oh
my god mommy got me a ps4 why is the Box
so small money-wise the Box so small
what is this what is this goddamn thing
you said oh yeah keep on trolling bird
anyway
peace